Some days I feel I’ve had enough.
The war in my mind can get so tough.
There’s days I feel there’s no way out.
In a flood of tears, I’m sinking down.
In my despair, he sees me through.
When I am crushed, I know just what to do.
I need his words of truth.
I can hear Jehovah saying:
‘Just a little while longer,
And I will wipe out ev’ry tear.
The new world is in sight.
‘Just keep on holding tight.
‘I’ll help you win this fight—
Fight.
I’ll help you win this fight.’
Reading his Word
gives me the power.
When storms in life come,
he’s my strong Tower.
In my despair, he pulls me through.
When I am down, I know just what to do.
I need his words of truth.
I can hear Jehovah saying:
‘Just a little while longer,
And I will wipe out ev’ry tear.
The new world is in sight.
‘Just keep on holding tight.
‘I’ll help you win this fight—
Fight.
‘I’ll help you win this fight.
I’ll help you win this fight.
I’ll help you win this fight.’
‘I’ll help you win this fight,
Help you win this fight,
Help you win this fight.’
‘Just a little while longer,
And I will wipe out ev’ry tear.
The new world is in sight.
Just keep on holding tight.
I’ll help you win this fight.’